Boothill, Bounty Hunter	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Robot Rogue 	8	BR	BR	Whenever a non-token creature you control dies, create a tapped Treasure token.NEWLINE1BB: Destroy target creature. Spend only mana from Treasures to activate this ability.	1/3		normal	GIXTRE		\nDust Devil's Sunset	BR	uncommon	Enchantment	10	BR	1BR	Whenever a non-token creature dies, if it dealt damage this turn, create a tapped Treasure token.NEWLINEBR3, Sacrifice this enchantment: Goad all creatures with power less than the number of Treasure tokens you control.			normal	GIXTRE		\nSizzlin' Tango	R	common	Sorcery	7	R	1R	Choose two target creatures. The first creature becomes goaded and the second must block if able this turn. When either creature dies this turn, create two Treasure tokens.			normal	GIXTRE		\nFan the Hammer	R	uncommon	Instant	4	R	1R	Fan the Hammer deals 3 to any target.NEWLINECashout – If mana from a Treasure was spent to cast this spell, Fan the Hammer deals an additional 1 damage to any target.			normal	GIXTRE		\nReckless Fortune Seeker	R	common	Creature – Human Rogue 	6	R	1R	This creature must attack if able.NEWLINEWhen this creature dies, deal 1 damage to any target and create a Treasure token. 	3/1		normal	GIXTRE		\nDead or Alive	B	uncommon	Instant	3	B	1BB	Destroy target creature. If you controlled the creature, return it to the battlefield under your control and create a Treasure token.			normal	GIXTRE		\nCayde, Above Snakes	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Skeleton Rogue 	2	B	1B	Cayde, Above Snakes can’t block.NEWLINEWhen this card enters, lose 2 life, draw a card.NEWLINESellout B 	3/1		normal	GIXTRE		\nFistful of Dollars	R	uncommon	Instant	5	R	2R	Create a Treasure token. Deal damage to target creature or planeswalker equal the the number of Treasures you control.  			normal	GIXTRE		\nWanted Poster		uncommon	Artifact	11	C	2	At the beginning of your upkeep each turn, place a bounty counter on target creature.NEWLINECreatures with bounty counters must block if able.			normal	GIXTRE		\nBlood Banker	B	common	Creature – Human Warlock 	1	B	1B	At the beginning of each upkeep, create a Treasure token if an opponent lost life last turn. Otherwise, lose 1 life.	1/3		normal	GIXTRE		\nDan Heng, Cloudlancer	URG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Dragon Warrior 	9	URG	GUR	HasteNEWLINEHeroic – Whenever you cast a spell that targets Dan Heng, put your choice of a counter from among  vigilance, double strike and trample on him. 	2/2		normal	GIXTRE		